[SOAR-1024] - Palo Alto update PAN-OS to Firewall (#492)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: palo_alto_pan_os/help.md

# Version History

> * 5.0.0 - Update to plugin title and documentation to remove PAN OS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 5.0.0 - Change plugin title to "Palo Alto Firewall" from "Palo Alto PAN-OS" and update remaining references
```
